MAP:

     ------
     | 26 |
--------------------------
| 01 | 02 | 03 | 04 | 05 |
--------------------------
| 06 | 07 | 08 | 09 | 10 |
--------------------------
| 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 |
--------------------------
| 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 |
--------------------------
| 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 |
--------------------------

AREAS:

ID: 01
Title: Orc Camp
Discription: You see many small huts that are shabbily made. Two hulking figures stand about the 
place. They do not seem to be happy that you are in their camp and begine murmuring something at
you in a guttural language you don’t understand. Then they come towards you with swords raised.
Connections: South
Mobs: Orc x2
Items: None
Commands: None

ID: 02
Title: Castle Courtyard
Discription: As you progress onward, you see that the small castle. There is a large monument 
with a glowing blue center. As you get closer to the castle, there is a large glowing barrier 
where the door is at as well. It blocks you from entering the castle. 
IF (!SEAL && RUMOR) 
You vaguely remember that some fairy knows about how to get in here. 
IF (SEAL)
When the seal is brought close the runes begin to fade and you can OPEN the door. 
Connections: South (7), East (3)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands: OPEN - [IF (SEAL)]

ID: 03
Title: Land Slide
Discription: Whatever was in this place has long worn away from the sands of time. A rock slide 
at one point blocks the opening to the north that leads up a large cliff. 
Connections: East (4), South (8), West (2)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 04
Title: Dense Forest
Discription: As you wander through the forest, you start to become disoriented. You try to walk 
through the forest but you find yourself on the outskirts in the exact place you came in. 
Connections:West (3)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 05
Title: Backwater Village
Discription: As you enter the town you notice that buildings are under-maintained, but 
the building structure leads you to believe that at one time a beautiful place.  
IF (CANNIBALS)  
The people of the town seem to be huddled around a large fire. You move closer to investigate. 
You see that the people are poorly dressed and their clothes are raggedy or worse. Their bodies 
are unshaven, their hair is matted and they are eating something. They are all tearing at a 
piece of meat and it looks to be human... Suddenly they all turn to face you, reaching for their 
primitive weapons and start licking their lips in anticipation. 
Connections: South (10)
Mobs: Cannibals x5
Items:
Commands:

ID: 06
Title: Wolves' Den
Discription: As you continue on your way you see a large cave with an opening too small 
for you to enter.  
IF (WOLF)  
Outside you can see a group of 4 wolves. You don't know how many wolves are there are in 
total but you know how many are coming your way. 
Connections: North (1), East (7)
Mobs: Wolf x4
Items:
Commands:

ID: 07
Title: Spring Meadow
Discription: As you walk the scenery changes from a beaten path into a soft spring meadow. 
There are birds chirping and flowers everywhere. You hadn't noticed it at first but the 
climate has slowly been changing to the perfect temperature.  
IF (SLEEP && SEAL)  
Suddenly the seal in your pocket begins to become warm. Every foot step is becoming more 
difficult. Suddenly a voice breaks out over the air. The voice sings of a soft bed of grass 
where you can lay your head'. You glance to your right and see a large group of fresh baby 
clovers. You must FIGHT your urge to slumber. 
Connections: North (2), East (8), West (6)
Mobs: Sleep - [IF (SEAL)]
Items:
Commands: 

ID: 08
Title: Crossroads
Discription: You come to a cross roads. Off to side of the road you see a mound of dirt 
a child has been playing in.  
IF (DEMON) 
A large figure appears before you. It is big terrible and smells like sulfur. You had 
heard of demons but had assumed they were just a myth. His big bat-like wings beat through 
the air, but he doesn't seem to be attacking you. Maybe you can TALK to him. 
Connections: North (3), East (9), South (13), West (7)
Mobs: Demon
Items: Potion of Youth
Commands: TALK, ATTACK

ID: 09
Title: Bridge
Discription: The road leads you to a bridge. The bridge is old and well worn. It's the 
rickety kind that you can feel sway with every step. You are wary of it because you cannot 
swim. But even that hedgehog guy does water zones and he cannot swim either.
Connections: East (10), West (8)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 10
Title: Bone Yard
Discription: Let's be honest no one wants to be in a bone yard. It's a typical graveyard. 
Well except for the graves are open and there are skulls on pikes. Ok, so it is a weird 
graveyard. Just outside the bone yard is a band of what appear to be thieves. Once more 
all of them are women, and it appears they wish your accompaniment. If you JOIN them you 
could have riches the likes of which you have never seen... at the price of your princess.  
IF (SKELETON)  
You see one grave that is nearly untouched. Upon closer inspection is has a cloak laid over 
it. Do you GRAB it? 
IF (GRAB) 
As you reach for the cloak you hear your wrist pop, but wait. That wasn’t YOUR wrist. The 
grave soil moves and a skeleton starts to emerging covered in ruins. You have heard of people 
protecting their graves in this manner, but never actually seen it. At any rate you have made 
him angry and now he has a bone to pick with you, or off you. The battle ensues 
Connections: North (5), West (9)
Mobs: Skeleton
Items: Cloak of Almost Invisibility
Commands: GRAB, TALK - [Thieves Ending]

ID: 11
Title: Fairy Glade
Discription: As you depart from the boat you see a field covered in clovers and woodland 
creatures. Before you get the chance you see a glowing fairy. You are clearly attracted to 
it. Should you TALK to her? 
Connections: East (12)
Mobs: Fairy
Items: Seal of Opening
Commands: TALK

ID: 12
Title: Crystal Lake
Discription: You come to Crystal Lake. Although you cannot recall ever being here before, 
you realize why it is called Crystal Lake. It's the most reflective body of water you have 
ever seen. A small river boat is docked on the lake.  
IF (!COIN) 
Although it is day time there is a man is shrouded in darkness. The man is wearing a cloak 
and his figure is trim to a sickly amount. His face is hidden by the cloak but you are almost 
afraid to look at it. An empty amulet rests on his chest with the word 'death cometh'. At one 
point it seems to have housed a coin. You must TALK to him to get passage over the lake. 
Connections: East (13), West (11) - [IF (COIN)]
Mobs: Death
Items:
Commands: TALK

ID: 13
Title: Caravan
Discription: If you had thought town was empty before, this was the reason. As you progress 
down the road you find it impossible not to stare at the gypsies entertaining the throngs of 
people. Not only do they entertain, but many have stalls where they are selling 'magical' or 
'enchanted' items. One particular item that catches your interest is a music box that will 
grant wish if played under a full moon, but for only ten gold coins you think it must be a 
fake. Deciding this place holds nothing of relevance you continue on your way.  
Connections: North (8), East (14), South (18), West (12)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 14
Title: Plains
Discription: As you step onto the plains a gust of wind blows through the grass rustling 
it. You remember when you were a child your father to take you to such a place. As you 
ponder such things a duck shows itself from the brush. You attack but miss startling the 
mallard and it takes to the air far above your reach. A brown hound dog rises over the grass 
and chuckles at your misfortune... wait... WHAT THE HECK!?! The turn of events reminds you 
of your quest and you decide it best not to stand about doing nothing.  
Connections: East (15), South (19), West (13)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 15
Title: Desert
Discription: The grass you had been walking on begins to give way more and more until 
it is completely gone. In its place is course heat warmed sand. You begin to wonder 
if it is intelligent to find yourself here, after this entire place has no significance 
to your journey.  
IF (SANDWORM)  
Suddenly there is shifting of the sand below you. As you look down your gaze is met by 
the thousand teeth of the sand worm! Now is not the time for hesitation... RUN? Or FIGHT? 
Connections: West (14)
Mobs: Sandworm
Items: 
Commands: RUN, FIGHT

ID: 16
Title: Grave Keeper's Hovel
Discription: The grave keeper isn't the hunch back living in a belfry that you had 
expected. In fact he looks familiar. You're almost sure you know him. As you approach 
he calls your name. Apparently he was an old friend of your dads. He tells you that 
your dad saved his life and he wants to repay him by giving you nice land he inherited. 
You could TAKE the offer, move on, have a family and live into the roomy estate. But 
wouldn't you always regret letting down your princess? 
Connections: East(17), South (21)
Mobs: 
Items:
Commands: TAKE - [Deed Ending]

ID: 17
Title: Town Graveyard
Discription: It's a town grave yard... what do you want me to say? The graves are all 
nicely kept and there is a large mausoleum in the center. (Probably were the rich are 
laid to rest.)   
IF (!COIN)  
You also feel a need to INSPECT the mausoleum. 
IF (INSPECT) 
The mausoleum door is unlocked. You are surprised at the cleanliness of the place. 
There in the middle of the family insignia is deaths coin. 'That was easy.' you smirk. 
As you turn you are greeted by an shambling figure. The zombie convulses and attacks 
without warning. 
Connections: East (18), West (16)
Mobs: Zombie
Items: Death's Coin
Commands: INSPECT

ID: 18
Title: Town
Discription: You see a town square. People are busy doing there every day jobs and seem 
not to notice you.  
IF (!ARMOR)  
An old man dressed in purple robes keeps waving at you. It looks like he wants to TALK. 
IF (ARMOR && !CLOAK) 
You notice a lady in rags. You are sure she was not here before. She keeps staring at 
you maybe she wants to TALK. 
Connections: North (13), East (19), South (23), West (17)
Mobs: Old Man, Lady
Items:
Commands: TALK

ID: 19
Title: Farm
Discription: You arrive on a field. The corn and beans grow to about mid thigh, being as 
it is midsummer and the cattle graze in their pins. A small house rest on a hill near-by 
beyond that there appears to be nothing of interest. Upon further inspection a farmer is 
diligently at work tending to his crop. His gruff appearance and the way he's been eyeing 
you lead you to believe he's not much for talking.  
Connections: North (14), East (20), South (24), West (18)
Mobs: 
Items:
Commands: 

ID: 20
Title: Spider Forest
Discription: Upon entering the forest you begin to get an eerie feeling. Looking around 
you, you notice the trees seem to get closer and closer. You also notice many webs which 
appear to be made of metallic silk.  
IF (SPIDER)  
In the web is some armor. As you approach the web a thick string of saliva drops just inches 
from your foot, bubbling at the  grass in front of you dissolving it straight to the soil. 
Looking above you see the figure of a large hairy eight legged being. As it encroaches upon 
you see a gargantuan spider. 
Connections: West (19)
Mobs: Gargantuan Spider
Items: Armor of Spider Silk
Commands:

ID: 21
Title: Mountain
Discription: As you have travelled past the Grave Keepers home, you find yourself at the 
base of a mountain. Surely you can climb the mountain, but why? You have heard rumors that 
there is a dragon that lives near here. Best not wake a sleeping dragon and just go back 
before something bad happens. 
Connections: North (16)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 22
Title: Dragon's Lair
Discription: You have come to a cave. It is a lot warmer than you would have expected from 
a cave this size and being located this close to the ocean. Smell of decay is heavy in the 
air and ground is littered with mangled corpses. Oddly the bones are bare although most 
have large incisions from what appears to be very large teeth.  
IF (!SWORD)   
On the far side of the cave is the slumbering mass of a large black dragon. Behind it lays 
a claymore lodged in gold. The hilt is golden and inlayed with precious gems. You curse you 
luck knowing that even in this light there is no way to get passed him with what you have. 
Why could it not be a giant turtle? You may have to FIGHT your way out of this mess. 
if (CLOAK && !SWORD)  
On the far side of the cave is the slumbering mass of a lizard. Behind it lays a claymore 
lodged in gold. The hilt is golden and inlayed with precious gems. Now that you have the 
cloak you may be able to SNEAK past it and grab the sword.  
IF (SNEAK && CLOAK) 
You place on the Cloak of Almost Invisibility and begin to fade. You do not fade completely 
but with the lower light of the cave you are a lot hard to see. As you creep past the dragon, 
it begins to move then look around it stares in your direction for what seems like forever. 
Finally it seems content that no one is in the cave with it and it goes back to sleep. You 
continue your sneak around and get the sword. You experience no troubles on your return trip.  
IF (TALK)
On the far side of the cave is the slumbering mass of a lizard. Behind it lays a claymore 
lodged in gold. The hilt is golden and inlayed with precious gems. You have heard that dragons 
love riddles.  Maybe you can stump the dragon to get access to what is on the other side. 
Hopefully you are smarter than the dragon. Otherwise you may end up as dinner. 
Connections: East (23)
Mobs: Dragon
Items: Sword of Dragon's Breath
Commands: SNEAK, FIGHT, TALK

ID: 23
Title: Docks
Discription: As you approach the docks you see a young man who is frantic. Upon inquiry 
he tells you he is short a crew man and can't make his voyage without the extra man power. 
He offers you a healthy sum of gold to join his expedition. In doing so you could 
effectively disregard your troubles in finding the princess and become a seaman. Besides 
heroes are overrated... or are they? You could JOIN the captain for a life on the sea. 
Connections: North (18), East (24), West (22)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands: JOIN - [Sailors Ending]

ID: 24
Title: Ocean
Discription: As you step on to the sandy shore the ocean laps at your feet. It reminds you 
of a romance you saw once, but all those people died on a boat anyways. Other than that 
nothing catches your interest.  
Connections: North (19), East (25), West (23)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 25
Title: Cliff
Discription: As you travel on the ocean, it leads to a large waterfall and a very large 
cliff. You doubt you can sail a boat up a cliff, so and as you progress further you see it 
now surrounds you to the north, east and west. You might as well go back until they invent 
some kind of flying ship. 
Connections: West (24)
Mobs:
Items:
Commands:

ID: 26
Title: Castle
Discription: You are now inside the castle having completed most of your quest. You have 
beaten a dragon, talked with a demon, slain zombies and cannibals as well. So many foes 
have vanquished before you, but so close to the end, you know your most difficult battle 
is before you. In this royal palace, it is covered in luxury. With large statues and 
comfortable thrones. 
Connections: 
Mobs: Wizard
Items: 
Commands: 

ENDINGS:

ID: 01
Title: Wizard Ending 
Discription: As you strike the final blow the wizard falls to the ground in a whimper. 
'We could have adopted beautiful children' he coughs. You turn to see a chunky little 
mushroom headed man in a cage. As you open the cage door he remarks to you that your 
princess is in another castle. You punch him in his big spotted head and continue your 
life until one day someone says that a giant turtle kidnapped their princess and toke 
her to a pipe world.          
A hero's work is never done... 

ID: 02 
Title: Thieves Ending
Discription: As you approach the girls begin to talk in a foreign language and flash 
you a smile. They take you to their ship, and pull you aboard. You smile at the fact 
of how they make over you and you travel on the sea for many months. When you arrive 
at shore you are quickly shackled and thrown into a cage the women laugh and sail 
away. Shortly after you are taken to a market where many foreigners poke and prod at 
you. You are taken to a large house where you are forced to work as a slave. You live 
in a hole in the ground for many months and beaten regularly. One day you try to run 
away but being that you don’t know the area you are quickly found and punished. You 
return to the cage minus a few fingers and aren't given any medical treatment. A few 
months later you die from a combination of gangrene, black plague, and malnourishment. 

ID: 03
Title: Sailors Ending
Discription: You climb on the boat and become comfortable as a sailor. It turns out it 
was a fishing boat and you make a plentiful haul for a few years. One year you are 
informed of a rare group of Gygarian trout in the northern oceans. Your crew travels 
north and after many months they find a large school of them. Gygarian trout are have 
a very distinct taste and are highly coveted. As you begin to haul in your nets the 
net is pulled hard. The crew looks over and runs, as you lean over the side of the ship 
a sharp tendril shoots through your stomach and a mighty kraken emerges. It appears he 
also has a taste for the trout and didn’t like you spoiling his catch. The crew cuts 
the nets and sails away as you hang from the tentacle. You try to fight it but your 
strength is drained from the injury. He tears you apart and the last thing you hear are 
your own bloody screams and the crunching of your bones. 

ID: 04
Title: Deed Ending
Discription: You move to the country and live in a manor on the outskirts of town. Soon 
after, you meet a spouse and fall in love. Being that you are a young couple a few years 
later you have children, two twins. You live in peace for a few years and even become 
popular among the town. One day someone begins leaving threats of death on your door. 
Your spouse is terrified and asks you to move them out immediately. Reluctantly you begin 
to try and pack. About a week later as you are packing a man comes down the stairs with 
your children and hands you a knife and tells you to kill your children. You refuse and 
he tells you he will torture your entire family and that this is giving them an easy way 
out. Reluctantly you take the knife and try to end your kids' life. Unable to perform the 
deed you quickly turn the knife on yourself. As your life force seeps from your body, you 
think of how it may have been different if you had stayed and helped the princess. 

DIALOG

ID: 01
Title: OLD MAN
Dialog: It's about time you got here! I have been waiting almost 2 weeks for your arrival. 
You need to hurry if you are to save the princess in the castle to the north which is sealed 
with magic, the fairy to the west may know more of how to break the seal. You will need to 
get better armor and a better weapon. I hear the forest to the east may have magical armor. 
I also hear the dragon to the south-west has a magical sword. Hurry now your adventure awaits 
you. (With that the old man vanishes.)   

ID: 02 
Title: LADY
Dialog: So you see me? Then surely you will be the one to save us all. Your future holds great 
power but only you can unlock it. Your power is not that of a dragon. They say a cloak can be 
found in a bone yard to the north. Make haste sparrow for your fate is that of our kingdom's.                      
(With that the lady in rages vanishes.)  

ID: 03
Title: DEATH
Dialog: I cannot let you pass until I get me coin back. A wealth man tricked me and toke it, 
but I curse him to an early death. He should be buried near town. I cannot leave here, get it 
for me and I will grant you free passage for life.   

ID: 04
Title: DEMON
Dialog: You are not the one that called me here. I have this Potion of Youth you can have if 
you sell me your soul or defeat me in battle. Do we make a DEAL or FIGHT?  

ID: 05
Title: DEMON - DEAL
Dialog: I do not have need of your soul as of yet, but I will return when I do...  
(With that the demon takes flight and vanishes.) 

ID: 06
Title: FAIRY  
Dialog: I don't want to speak to you unless you have a potion of youth. That demon stole from 
me at the crossroads.                                       

ID: 07
Title: FAIRY - POTION
Dialog: Thanks for getting the potion. This potion is only for magical beings. If a human had 
drank this they would have turned into a baby or young child. Here is a Seal of Opening to enter 
the castle door. 

ID: 08 
Title: FAIRY - AFTER 
Dialog: I have nothing further to say to you. 

ID: 09
Title: WIZARD
Dialog: How dare you enter my castle... and with those dirty boots! I made this castle from the 
ground up and do you show respect? No, you just tromp all around like you're the king. I cannot 
believe the nerve of you... I mean honestly. Ugh! I'm the most powerful wizard in the land and 
you are just a worm. I have killed stronger men then you in my sl... 
(Before he gets a chance to finish his monologue you take a good slice out of his arm.)